[TT-11929, DX-1279] Clarification of Go template behaviour (#4486)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/transform-traffic/request-body.md

 - inbound form or query data can be accessed through the `._tyk_context.request_data` namespace where it will be available in as a `key:[]value` map
 - values from [key-value (KV) storage]({{< ref "tyk-configuration-reference/kv-store#transformation-middleware" >}}) can be injected into the template using the notation appropriate to the location of the KV store
 

> The request body transform middleware can iterate through list indices in dynamic data so, for example, calling `{{ index ._tyk_context.request_data.variablename 0 }}` in a template will expose the first entry in the `request_data.variablename` key/value array.

Author: Dunno, this is just the way it is.

{{< note success >}}
**Note**  

> As explained in the [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), templates are executed by applying them to a data structure. Context variables and session metadata are, if enabled, provided with the request body in the data structure to which the template is applied and so will be processed accordingly if, for example, the template applies a transformation to the entire data structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As explained in the [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), templates are executed by applying them to a data structure. As the template applies a transformation to the entire data structure it receives, context variables and session metadata will be available if enabled, along with the request body. Otherwise, just the request body is available.
```

Same as on the response PR, changed with "request body".

Author: ```suggestion
As explained in the [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), templates are executed by applying them to a data structure. The template receives the decoded JSON or XML of the request body. If session variables or meta data are enabled, additional fields will be provided: `_tyk_context` and `_tyk_meta` respectively.
```

> As explained in the [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), templates are executed by applying them to a data structure. Context variables and session metadata are, if enabled, provided alongside the request body in the data structure to which the template is applied and so will be processed accordingly if, for example, the template applies a transformation to the entire data structure.

Author: Separate PRs, all linked to the same DX ticket

> As explained in the [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), templates are executed by applying them to a data structure. Context variables and session metadata are, if enabled, provided alongside the request body in the data structure to which the template is applied and so will be processed accordingly if, for example, the template applies a transformation to the entire data structure.

Author: ```suggestion
As explained in the [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), templates are executed by applying them to a data structure. Context variables and session metadata are, if enabled, provided with the request body in the data structure to which the template is applied and so will be processed accordingly if, for example, the template applies a transformation to the entire data structure.
```

> As explained in the [documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template), templates are executed by applying them to a data structure. Context variables and session metadata are, if enabled, provided alongside the request body in the data structure to which the template is applied and so will be processed accordingly if, for example, the template applies a transformation to the entire data structure.

Author: I think "merged" is more likely to cause confusion.
